Create readme for sklearnex (#565)
intel/scikit-learn-intelex: INSTALL.md

# Building from sources
scikit-learn-intelex is easily built from sources with the majority of the necessary prerequisites available on conda or pip. The instructions below detail how to gather the prerequisites, and finally build and install the completed package. scikit-learn-intelex can be built for all three major platforms (Windows, Linux, macOS).

### Prerequisites
* Python version >= 3.6

### Configuring the build with environment variables
* SKLEARNEX_VERSION: sets package version

### Building scikit-learn-intelex

> For install scikit-learn-intelex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install scikit-learn-intelex:
```

```bash
cd <checkout-dir>
python setup_sklearnex.py install --single-version-externally-managed --record=record.txt
```

> For install package in development mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the package in the development mode:
```

```bash
cd <checkout-dir>
python setup.py develop --no-deps
```

> For install scikit-learn-intelex without main daal4py dependency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install scikit-learn-intelex without the dependency on daal4py:
```

```bash
cd <checkout-dir>
python setup_sklearnex.py install
```
```bash
cd <checkout-dir>
python setup.py develop
```

> ⚠️ Keys `--single-version-externally-managed` and `--no-deps` are required so that release daal4py are not downloads after installation of scikit-learn-intelex

Reviewer: unclear

`so that daal4py is not downloaded`?
